Move APIs for service pages (#3512)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/apis/services/vision.md

---
title: "Vision service API"
linkTitle: "Vision"
weight: 20
type: "docs"
tags: ["vision", "computer vision", "CV", "services"]

> description: "The vision service API allows you to get detections, classifications, or point cloud objects, depending on the ML model the vision service is using."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Give commands to get detections, classifications, or point cloud objects, depending on the ML model the vision service is using."
```
